Docs: #1562 document support for DeleteRecords (#1632)
redpanda-data/documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.2/develop/config-topics.mdx

rpk topic  delete -r '^f.*' '.*r$'
```

Note that the first regular expression starts with the `^` symbol, and the last ends with the `$` symbol. This requirement helps prevent accidental deletions.

## Delete records from a topic

To free up disk space, you can use `kafka-delete-records.sh` to delete data from the beginning of a partition up to a requested offset. This DeleteRecords API lets you delete data with precise control up to a point in time or to a specific business event (offset). This can be important for compliance reasons, because the offset represents the true creation time of the event, not when it was stored by Redpanda. The DeleteRecords API is also useful if time-based message retention is storing more data than anticipated. Use this when you know that all consumers have read up to that given point in time and the data is no longer needed.

> To delete records, run `kafka-delete-records.sh`:

Reviewer: Do you need this statement? Maybe just introduce the example when you get it? For example, "The following example shows a record deletion from x partition to y offset." (or something like that).

_NEED EXAMPLE_

:::note notes

> - To delete records, `cleanup.policy` cannot be set to `compact`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When deleting records, you cannot set `cleanup.policy` to `compact`.
```

rpk topic  delete -r '^f.*' '.*r$'
```

Note that the first regular expression starts with the `^` symbol, and the last ends with the `$` symbol. This requirement helps prevent accidental deletions.

## Delete data from topics with DeleteRecords API

To free up disk space, you can use Kafka's DeleteRecords API to delete data from the beginning of a partition up to a requested offset. 

> By default, Redpanda's data retention policy is set to seven days. This can be an issue if producers push more data in a seven day period than can fit on local disks. A retention time that's too short can result in records being evicted before they're consumed. Instead of [configuring message retention](../../manage/cluster-maintenance/disk-utilization/#configure-message-retention) based on time or size limits, the DeleteRecords API lets you delete a particular range of records to a business-relevant point in time. Use this when you know that all consumers have read up to that given point in time and the data is no longer needed.

Reviewer 2: @micheleRP the 7 day period isn't the default in cloud (24 hours), and with Tiered Storage its more complex than that, because DeleteRecords also deletes data in cloud storage where there aren't space concerns (maybe cost).  Instead of talking about 7 ays we should probably speak more generically about using DeleteRecords to free up disk space when needed if time-based topic retention is storing more data than anticipated, or to delete data with precise control up to a point in time or a specific business event (offset), for compliance reasons, as the offset represents the true creation time of the event and not when it was stored by Redpanda.

To delete records, run `kafka-delete-records.sh`:

NEED EXAMPLE

> :::note notes

Reviewer 2: ⭐️
